Last modified: December 8, 2015

GOOGLE TAG MANAGER TAG VENDOR PROGRAM TERMS

These Google Tag Manager Tag Vendor Program Terms (the “Agreement”), are entered
into by and between the entity accepting this Agreement (“Company”) and Google
Inc. (“Google”). This Agreement governs Company’s participation in the Google
Tag Manager Tag Vendor Program (the “Program”) and is effective as of the date
accepted by Company. BY COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS OR BY PARTICIPATING
IN THE PROGRAM, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE REVIEWED AND ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT
AND ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACT ON BEHALF OF AND BIND COMPANY TO THIS AGREEMENT.  In
consideration of the foregoing, the parties agree as follows:

1. Program Participation. Google may at any time in its sole discretion appoint
Company, or withdraw Company’s appointment, as a third party vendor compatible
with the Program (“Tag Vendor”). If appointed by Google as a Tag Vendor,
Company’s Licensed Content (as defined below and as approved by Google) may be
made available under the Program. If Company’s appointment as a Tag Vendor is
revoked, Company will no longer be permitted to participate in the Program.
Program participation is subject to Company’s compliance with: (a)
specifications provided by Google, (b) service levels required by Google and (c)
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

2. Service Levels and Contacts. Company will provide to Google: (a) the contact
information for a business contact and a technical contact to assist Google in
resolving issues related to the Program and (b) twelve hour resolution to any
support query Google may make. It is Company’s obligation to ensure Google has
updated contact information at all times.

3. Changes to Program. Google reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to
change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspect of the Program at any time and
for any reason, without liability.

4. Licenses. (a) Company grants to Google a royalty-free, revocable,
nonexclusive, worldwide license to copy, distribute, modify, create derivative
works based on, publicly perform, publicly display, and otherwise use in
connection with Google’s products and services Company’s: (i) tags and
tag-related documentation as provided by Company (“Licensed Content”) and (ii)
Brand Features, to identify Company as a Tag Vendor. "Brand Features" means the
trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names and other
distinctive brand features of a party. (b) Company grants to Google the right to
sublicense the licenses described in Section 4(a) to users of Google’s products
and services (including Google partners) to permit them to use the Licensed
Content in connection with Google’s products and services.

5. Reservation of Rights. (a) As between the parties, Company retains all rights
in the Licensed Content (except for the license rights granted in this
Agreement). (b) As between the parties, Google and its licensors retain all
rights in the Google programs, products and services and all content (other than
the Licensed Content) used or created in connection with the Google programs,
products and services. (c) Nothing in this Agreement requires Google to use any
or all of the Licensed Content in Google programs, products or services. (d)
Nothing in this Agreement restricts Google from using content that is not
Licensed Content. (e) This Agreement does not limit the rights and permissible
uses that either party would have independent of this Agreement, including
without limitation rights under the U.S. Copyright Act or other applicable
intellectual property laws.

6. Termination; Cancellation. Either party may terminate this Agreement with or
without cause at any time upon written notice to the other party; provided that
if this Agreement is terminated by either party, each party’s obligations with
respect to any Licensed Content and Brand Features that are in use as of the
date of such termination will remain in effect and subject to the terms of this
Agreement for a two month period. Sections 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10 (for 12 months
after termination), 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 and 16 will survive termination of this
Agreement.

7. Confidentiality; Publicity. Neither party may disclose the Confidential
Information of the other party without such party’s prior written consent.
"Confidential Information" means information disclosed by one party to the other
party under this Agreement that is marked as confidential or would normally be
considered confidential. Google Confidential Information includes without
limitation: (a) the Program and all related materials and (b) any metrics or
other information relating to the Program provided to Company by Google.
Confidential Information does not include information that: (v) the receiving
party already knew; (w) becomes publicly known through no fault of the receiving
party; (x) was independently developed without access to the disclosing party’s
confidential information, as evidenced in writing; (y) was rightfully received
by the receiving party from a third party; or (z) is required to be disclosed by
law or governmental authority. Company may not indicate that Company is a Tag
Vendor or disclose any relationship between Company and Google under this
Agreement without Google’s prior written approval. If approved by Google,
Company will adhere to Google's then-current brand feature use guidelines
(available at www.google.com/permissions) for any publicly facing messaging.

8. Data. Google may retain and use, subject to the terms of its privacy policy,
information collected from Company’s use of the Program or from third parties'
use of the Licensed Content. The Google Privacy Policy is available at
www.google.com/privacy.html. Except as expressly permitted by Google under a
Google program, product or service feature, Company will not use any automated
means (e.g., scraping or robots) to access, query or otherwise collect
information from Google, the Program or any other Google program, product or
service, or any website owned or operated by Google or a partner that uses
Google Tag Manager.

9. Privacy Policies. Company must maintain a legally acceptable privacy policy
that provides notice of Company’s data collection practices, including without
limitation Company’s use of a cookie, web beacon or other tracking mechanisms.

10. Inspection for Compliance. Google reserves the right in its sole discretion
to audit Licensed Content and investigate any activity hereunder in order to
ensure Company’s compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Upon 10 business
days prior written notice, during normal business hours and without unreasonably
interfering with Company’s normal business operations, Google may inspect
Company’s records and other pertinent technology to the extent relevant to
Company’s use or participation in the Program and Company’s obligations under
this Agreement. The audit will be conducted at Google's expense and will be
conducted no more than once during each 12 month period (unless an audit reveals
noncompliance with any of the terms of this Agreement, in which case such audit
will not be counted toward the limit). For the sake of clarity, no inspection
conducted by Google under this Section 10 will relieve Company of any of its
obligations under this Agreement.

11. No Endorsement. GOOGLE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR ENDORSE THE QUALITY,
ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, INTEGRITY OR LEGALITY OF COMPANY’S SYSTEMS, LICENSED
CONTENT OR COMPANY’S PERFORMANCE AS A TAG VENDOR OR OTHERWISE. GOOGLE IS UNDER
NO OBLIGATION TO REVIEW THE LICENSED CONTENT AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY
LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY LICENSED CONTENT.

12. Limitations of Liability. Nothing in this Agreement excludes or limits
either party’s liability for: (a) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (b)
breach of Section 7; (c) obligations under Section 14; and (d) matters that
cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law. EXCEPT FOR THE ITEMS IN THE
FIRST SENTENCE OF THIS SECTION 12: (A) NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE (UNDER ANY
THEORY OR CIRCUMSTANCE) FOR LOST REVENUES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES AND (B) NEITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE
LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL EXCEED
$1,000. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH PARTY’S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY
FOR BREACHES OF THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE MONETARY DAMAGES, EXCEPT THAT EITHER
PARTY MAY SEEK INJUNCTIVE RELIEF IN CONNECTION WITH BREACHES OR POTENTIAL
BREACHES OF CONFIDENTIALITY UNDER SECTION 7.

13. Representations and Warranties. Company represents and warrants that: (a) it
has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and has and will
retain all necessary rights to grant the licenses in Section 4; (b) all of the
information provided by Company to Google to enroll in the Program is complete,
correct and current; (c) Company has complied and will continue to comply with
all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations (including without
limitation any applicable data protection or privacy laws) in Company’s
performance under this Agreement; (d) Company will not incorporate any third
party’s intellectual property or any open source materials into any Licensed
Content without Google's prior written approval of: (A) such incorporation; and
(B) any applicable license terms; and (ed) Company will not, and will not assist
or knowingly permit any third party to: (i) engage in or promote any unlawful,
infringing, defamatory or otherwise harmful activity (including without
limitation the delivery of malware, spyware or other code onto the Google
network which could alter or disrupt any program, product, service or device);
(ii) disable, interfere with or circumvent any aspect of the Program; (iii)
upload any data to Google that personally identifies an individual (such as a
name, email address or billing information) or other data which can be
reasonably linked to such information by Google; or (iv) access any other Google
programs, products or services in a manner that violates their respective terms.
EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES MADE IN THIS SECTION 13, EACH PARTY DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR
NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE PROGRAM AND GOOGLE AND PARTNER PROPERTIES
ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AT COMPANY’S OPTION AND RISK AND NEITHER GOOGLE NOR ITS
PARTNERS GUARANTEE ANY RESULTS. Company may not make any representations or
guarantees to any third party in connection with the Program or any other Google
program, product or service, including without limitation regarding the delivery
or availability of any Licensed Content.

14. Indemnification. Company will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Google,
its agents, affiliates, directors, officers, employees and applicable third
parties (e.g., relevant partners, licensors, licensees, consultants and
contractors) from any and all third party claims, liability, loss, and expense
(including without limitation damage awards, settlement amounts, and reasonable
legal fees) arising out of or related to: (a) Company’s Brand Features or
Licensed Content and (b) Company’s breach of the Agreement.

15. Prohibitions. Company will not modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative
works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to
derive source code from any Google programs, products, services, software, or
documentation, or create or attempt to create a substitute or similar service or
product through use of or access to the Program or Google Confidential Information.

16. Miscellaneous. (a) This Agreement is governed by California law, excluding
California’s choice of law rules. FOR ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES CONSENT TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION IN, AND THE
EXCLUSIVE VENUE OF, THE COURTS IN SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA. (b) This
Agreement is the parties’ entire agreement relating to its subject matter and
supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreements on that subject. (c) The
parties are independent contractors and this Agreement does not create an
agency, partnership or joint venture. (d) Unless otherwise expressly set forth
in this Agreement, all notices must be in writing and notices to Google must be
sent to: Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA,
with a copy to Legal Department. Notice will be deemed given (i) when verified
by written receipt if sent by personal courier, overnight courier, or mail; or
(ii) when verified by automated receipt or electronic logs if sent by facsimile
or email. (e) All amendments must be executed by both parties and expressly
state that they are amending this Agreement. Failure to enforce any provision
will not constitute a waiver. If any provision of this Agreement is found
unenforceable, the balance of this Agreement will remain in full force and
effect. (f) Company may not assign or transfer any part of this Agreement. Any
such attempt to transfer or assign is void. (g) Nothing in this Agreement will
limit a party’s ability to seek equitable relief. (h) Except for payment
obligations, neither party is liable for failure or delay in performance to the
extent caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
